Your full name and netid and your teammate's full name and netid.

Nicole Deng (nd6753) and Ziya Momin (zm6160)

A paragraph describing your contribution, and another paragraph
describing your teammate's contribution. Please be thorough; we're
looking for two substantial paragraphs, not a sentence or two. (If
you worked alone, then you should skip this section.)

Similar to our approach in the other assignments, we used pair
programming for this final assignment as well. Rather than dividing 
the files and working independently, we collaborated side by side.
While one person typed, the other reviewed their work in real time
and acted as a logical sounding board for ideas and design choices.

Ziya focused on building the client-side functionality of the Registrar
application by implementing the dynamic behavior of the SPA, writing
the AJAX requests, and updating the results table. She also worked a
lot with the front-end by designing the HTML and implementing the
responsive UI using Bootstrap.

Nicole focused on implementing the server-side Flask application,
including the routes and database interactions for /regoverviews
and /regdetails. She worked on the argument parsing and
error-handling logic in runserver.py and included more comprehensive
tests in the testing files. 

A description of the help that you received from other people (other
than the course instructors) while doing the assignment. Write "None"
to indicate that you received no help from other people (other than
the course instructors).

None

A description of the written sources of information (other than the
lecture material) that you used while doing the assignment. Write
"None" to indicate that you used no written sources of information
(other than the lecture material).

None

A description of the help that you received from generative AI while
doing the assignment. Write "None" to indicate that you received no
help from generative AI.

None

An indication of how much time you spent doing the assignment.

Approximately 10 hours

Your assessment of the assignment: Did it help you to learn? What did
it help you to learn? Do you have any suggestions for improvement? Etc.

We found this assignment to be very helpful for understanding how a
three tier web application fits together. Implementing the SPA
behavior improved our understanding of asynchronous JavaScript
and working with Bootstrap gave us practice with including good
UI/UX design principles. Overall, the assignment provided a great
experience in building a realistic modern web application

(Optionally) Any information that will help us to grade your work in
the most favorable light. In particular you must describe all known
bugs.

N/A

